# USLproject
Breast cancer is a most common type of cancer for women and if not identify in the early-stage then the result will be the death of the patient. It is a common cancer in women worldwide. Worldwide near about 12% of women affected by breast cancer and the number is still increasing. Generally it arises when cells in the breast start to develop abnormally. There are certain risk factors for breast cancer. However, most cases of breast cancer cannot be linked to a specific cause. Some risk factors we can say are Age, Personal history of breast cancer, Genetics or Family history of breast cancer.
The objective of my project is to observe which features are most helpful in predicting malignant or benign cancer and to see general trends that may aid in model selection and hyper parameter selection. The main goal here is to classify whether the breast cancer is benign or malignant. In order to achieve this I have used unsupervised machine learning classification methods to fit a function that can predict the discrete class of new input. This study is very important for women as it can be used to classify that what type of cancer patient is having, and then it will be easy for doctors to provide timely treatment to patients and thus improving the chances of survival. Nowadays with data science, classification and data mining methods are very effective ways to classify these data. Especially when we talk about the medical field, where with the help of machine learning we use to diagnose the disease and analysis also to make particular decisions. I will try to use whatever techniques we have studied in machine learning and will create this project to analyse what type of cancer patient is having and what factors are more important to predict that.
